docs: add instructions to Upload Packages to a PPA (#561)
ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs: docs/contributors/new-package/upload-packages-to-a-ppa.md

(how-to-upload-packages-to-a-ppa)=
# How to upload packages to a PPA

> A **PPA** (Personal Package Archive) is a personal repository on Launchpad where you can upload your own packages to be built by Launchpad. This page will assume you have already created or updated a package and are ready to build and upload. For information on how to do that, see {ref}`Create a New Package <how-to-create-a-new-package>`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Personal Package Archive, or PPA, is a personal repository on Launchpad where you can upload your own packages to be built by Launchpad. This page assumes you have already created or updated a package and are ready to build and upload. For information on how to do that, see {ref}`Create a New Package <how-to-create-a-new-package>`. 
```

Reviewer: two style notes:
* It's considered best practice for accessibility to show the expanded acronym first, because putting the acronym first assumes the reader ought to already know what it means
* We try to use present tense (and active voice) wherever possible to improve the flow of the text :)

> In order to create and upload packages to PPAs, you will need to add your OpenPGP keys to Launchpad. Information on how to generate and import an OpenPGP key into Launchpad can be found at [Launchpad's help page](https://launchpad.net/+help-registry/openpgp-keys.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create and upload packages to PPAs, you need to add your OpenPGP keys to Launchpad. You can find information on how to generate and import an OpenPGP key into Launchpad at [Launchpad's help page](https://launchpad.net/+help-registry/openpgp-keys.html).
```

> To manage PPAs, we will use the `ppa-dev-tools` snap. To install it, run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage PPAs, we use the `ppa-dev-tools` snap. To install it, run
```

```
$ sudo snap install ppa-dev-tools
```

> To upload files to PPAs, the tool `dput` is used. Install it (alongside many other useful Ubuntu development tools) with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `dput` to upload files to PPAs. Install it (alongside many other useful Ubuntu development tools) with:
```

```
$ sudo apt install ubuntu-dev-tools
```

# Creating a PPA

> To create your PPA, run 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create your PPA:
```

```
$ ppa create my-cool-new-ppa
```

If this is your first time using `ppa-dev-tools`, you may need to authenticate with Launchpad. To do this, `ppa-dev-tools` will output a link you can use to grant it authorization to work with your Launchpad account (in some cases, the link will automatically open in your browser. If not, you can manually copy-paste it or CTRL+Click in supported terminals). 

> # Building and Uploading your Package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build and upload your package
```

You only need to build *source* packages locally to upload them to a PPA. To do this, navigate to your package's directory (containing the `debian` folder) and use the `debuild` command (the `-k` flag ensures your build is signed with your OpenPGP key, a requirement to upload):

```
$ debuild -S -sa -k'email_associated_with_key@your_email.com'
```

> This will produce a `.changes` file in the parent directory. Use `dput` to upload it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This produces a `.changes` file in the parent directory. Use `dput` to upload it:
```

```
$ dput ppa:your-launchpad-name/my-cool-new-ppa ../my-cool-package.changes
```

> # Launchpad Builds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Launchpad builds
```

> Now that the source package has been uploaded to Launchpad, its automated build systems will create binary packages from your source for various different architectures. This can take a long time, so `ppa-dev-tools` includes a tool to allow you to check how many builds are still in progress within a PPA. Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the source package has been uploaded, Launchpad's automated build systems create binary packages from your source for various architectures. This can take a long time, so `ppa-dev-tools` includes a tool to allow you to check how many builds are still in progress within a PPA. Use:
```

```
$ ppa wait your-launchpad-name/my-cool-new-ppa
```

to receive a periodically updated report of your builds.

> # Installing your Package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install your package
```

Once your package has built for the desired architecture, you can install it on any Ubuntu machine (whose version matches that of the package) using `apt`:

```
$ sudo add-apt-repository ppa:your-launchpad-name/my-cool-new-ppa
$ sudo apt update
$ sudo apt install my-cool-package
```

> # Extra pre-upload checks with `dput-ng`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Extra pre-upload checks with `dput-ng`
```
